Tweaks to exit code information (#912)
Dyalog/documentation: windows-installation-and-configuration-guide/docs/apl-exit-codes.md

# APL Exit Codes

> When APL or a bound **.exe** terminates, it returns an exit code to the calling environment. If APL is started from a desktop icon, the return code is ignored. However, if APL is started from a script (Unix) or a command processor, the exit code is available and can be used to determine whether to continue with other processing tasks. Additionally, APL applications can themselves return their own exit codes by calling [`⎕OFF`](../../language-reference-guide/system-functions/off) followed by an integer. The interpreter's own exit codes are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When APL or a bound executable terminates, it returns an exit code to the calling environment. If APL is started from a desktop icon, the return code is ignored. Otherwise the exit code can be used to determine what course of action (if any) to follow. Additionally, APL applications can themselves return their own exit codes by calling [`⎕OFF`](../../language-reference-guide/system-functions/off) followed by an integer. The interpreter's own exit codes are:
```
